under this name, the word news at all
associations appear themselves
know what brand
again classes decided destroyed this
monopoly
but giants polis stylus and released
your asus padfone downturn news
before
how will the buyer react in advance
no one can say
I think everyone will agree
that the application is more than ambitious
and here in my hands is new tablets
danger
and the first impression
and this is exactly the phone
because it looks so diminished
the tablet
assembled it squeaks fine nothing
least black variety
white but here's a metal frame
along the body is silver therefore
more noticeable
but if you rotate it shipments
he author reveals over billions
But there are tablets, he himself clearly walked
low
black looks cute
his back panel is not glossy but from
black soft touch plastic
but other deals
control buttons only two
and both are on the right side of the top button
on off off below rocker
volume control if yes
volume position count to 5 makes
ipod on the power button just like that
no longer reach
Aliyev hand press the button on the right
butt let's say so much
black thanks to coating
soft touch Yukon slip
Differences from white to glossy slippery
plastic
on the left side under the plastic panel
having two slots for micro sd memory cards
they have Russia
just modest but work
on the top there is a connector for
headphone investigation
tragedy
on the front side except the giant
screen there is a front camera
light sensors
Mufti approximation
for the dynamics are above and below
tail lights are not all
10 camera lens barely icon brands
track in Kiev
but decided to do without a point apparently
hoping for software
opportunities
and fabric quality
without your big so much as for smartphones
just gigantic
the decision to start with the resolution on the idea
which will satisfy watch lovers
films on his tablets he
besides, the perch matrix is ​​applied and
singer plus thanks to which the picture
remains very bright and saturated with
virtually any viewing angles
so the device is great for
picky users color
and if any claims arise
This program will allow you to configure not
Only the display brightness but also color
temperature and saturation
no one will say too much here
club colors or lack of blue
woodchucks
within 5 minutes adequately cope
so as soon as the soul wishes but now about
the main marathon now is the one
which allows him to bear the proud name
first the directness of the syvjone stylus
automatically activated
application notes super zero
so if you need to write down urgently which
that information
pump upgrades your service in the
application supernova can
create notes of different types
there are meeting lists and diary entries
notes are grouped by notepad so your
shopping lists and household chores will be
taken separately from the worker
timetables
as told himself said a bunch more
different clubs for example you can
highlight interested
slice of the picture in the browser and save
or take a screenshot of the screen on which
noting that they visited draw so only
when working with the stylus of smartphones
is so that starts
to slow down
the problem is most likely software
of character
and she will decide the final passed
tablets he's running
operating system android 4 2 in which already
installed a set of auto programs
beauty duty we have said
she has her satellite asset to create
photo albums as well as theirs
file transfer program
local network movie download
send photos to computer
it all happens quickly and without problems
but eight megapixel
the camera left only pleasant
the pictures are bright and saturated
and with the right exposure
there are opportunities to regulate
main shooting parameters
manually set the white balance
value and with
and adjust the exposure
special projects are added one
button
program modes are also selected
panorama search selection later
and even cutting out the unwanted one
performance protests
background one by one there are no complaints
test results speak for themselves
and the 3d mark even Brezhnev asked what
the secret of such high results however
she intel processors and there records 2580
clock frequency of 2 gigahertz and
graphics accelerator
ward billion
Ex Defender Specialists 44 Resting
Belovo CIS works just fine
more very convenient to manage from behind
large tablets he
the truth is and the nuances of temperature
with prolonged and severe loads
tablets he
in the fall, of course, do not warm your hands
will prevent
but still we have a smartphone
yes better for these training purposes
despite the capacity of batteries 3 thousand 200
milliamper purely that fund
autonomy I can't with active
using the fund we will reach the evening
so you have to either restrain yourself or
periodically delivered
he left the tablets on his own
twofold impressions
on the one hand this is not a record
autonomy heating and suspension during operation
with stylus on the other
beautiful big screen with resolution
full institution
powerful processor enough
Alexey's memory is a good camera
making a definite conclusion is difficult but
classes he thought
certainly deserves attention
he himself was shot do not forget signing
Alash channel t-shirt